1. What tech stack will you use for your final project?
A: Node/React

2. Is the front-end UI or the back-end going to be the focus of your project?
A: I suppose this will be a full stack application.


3. Will this be a website? A mobile app? Something else?
A: A website / web application

4. What goal will your project be designed to achieve?
A: I want to make asking questions, and seeing the reply to those questions during a presentation easier. 
Annotating and marking the speaker and their speech takes a person carefully going over it, but the questions have very clear break points and topics. 
My simple application will automatically make those break points so you or anyone else can easily see your question answered in the recording at any time.

5. What kind of users will visit your app? In other words, what is the demographic of
your users?
A: The general demographic is working professionals. Almost everyone has sat through a presentation of some sort, and a lot of people are the ones giving the presentation,
answering the same questions afterwards over and over again.

6. What data do you plan on using? How are you planning on collecting your data?
A: I plan to use the presenters webcam to record the presentation, a simple backend of some sort to store and serve the questions as they are asked by the audience and 
answered by the presenter, and a secondary file, maybe JSON, to store the benchmarks. 

7. In brief, outline your approach to creating your project. Answer
questions like the ones below, but feel free to add more information:
a. What does your database schema look like?
    It would be incredibly simple. Storage of video, benchmark pairs, and storage of questions in the order they were asked in.
b. What kinds of issues might you run into with your API? 
    I am currently unsure how I would record the presentation, as I have not used any of those tools before. 
    Also, storage of video on cloud servers is pretty expensive, so I may just store them locally (for demo-presentation purposes) instead.
c. Is there any sensitive information you need to secure?
    There is a separation between presenter and audience, and I don't want anyone to be able to just jump in and override the presenter. Other than that, no.
d. What will the user flow look like?
    2 user types. Presenter, and Audience Member. Presenter signs in as presenter using some sort of code they set up before hand. They record their presentation,
     then press 'next question' when they get to that part. Audience Member spectates presentation using the watch link the presenter provides. They can submit a question in the 
     question box at any time. When any question is answered, it makes a clickable time stamp in the video history. Clicking on that stamp will play the recording of the video, 
     starting at the selected question.
f. What features make your site more than a CRUD app? What are your stretch goals?
    There are no, if any, CRUD operations currently.